# Achievements
achievements of academic on papers, patents, researches, etc. 

## Bayesian Inference of the Exponential Degree Distribution Complex Networks
The exponential degree distribution has been found in many real world complex networks other than the power law, based on which, the accurate identification of exponential patterns is a significant consequence for exactly modeling complex systems. Nonetheless, the commonly used methods of analyzing exponential complex networks are barely approved in that somehow produce inaccurate estimate of exponents over the exponential distribution. In this paper, we introduce generalized random graph theory as the framework to account for the degree distribution of the complex network which
follows an exponential, analyzing the derivation of the exponent with rigorous proofs. And then, we take advantage of Bayes inference to acquaint the optimal exponent both in simulated data and empirical data with the help of Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC). Eventually, we conduct the Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests of goodness-of-fit to exponential distributions in empirical data, in which, the exponential exponents are estimated with Bayes-MCMC, presenting an efficient and robust analytical way in complex networks.

## A Novel Perspective towards SVM Combined with Autoencoder
In this paper, we propose a novel perspective towards the hybrid algorithm about support vector machine combined with neural network. We suggest that the depth of convolution neural network is supposed to insight the view of machines to acquiring an equal level of features as human do. The kernel function of support vector machine can be grasped flexibly where the neural network makes an efficient cross calculation for features exactly instead of the kernel function but more adjustable. To develop such a coincident format, we build a hybrid model with the half former part of autoencoder working as the kernel function and support vector machine working as the core classifier, with certain ways to train the hybrid model: discrete, continuous and prejudice. The hybrid model inherits asset of each algorithm, and that process is generally subject to the objective perspective. We take the hybrid model to Covid 19 detection compared with other well-performed models, and experimental results illustrate that our perspective is advisable which achieves a state-of-the-art performance in medical scheme.